CVS-163410_real_time_demo_fix_for_testing (#3108)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: demos/real_time_stream_analysis/python/README.md

> Prepare the python environment by cloning the repo and installing required dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare the python environment from [model_server](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server) repo cloned in previous step and install required dependencies:
```
